c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\bin\Debug\StreamKiste.exe.config
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\bin\Debug\StreamKiste.exe
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\bin\Debug\StreamKiste.pdb
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\bin\Debug\StreamKiste.xml
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.Resources.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.Serien.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.exe
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.xml
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.pdb
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.Index.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.S01.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.Main.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F01.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.Filme.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.Playlist_Editor.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F02.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F03.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F04.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F05.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F06.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F07.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F07XFrm.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F08.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F09.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F10.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F11.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F12.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F13.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F14.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F15.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F16.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F17.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F18.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F19.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F20.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F21.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F22.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F23.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F24.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F25.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F26.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F27.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.D01.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.D02.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.Dokus.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F28.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F29.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.F30.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.IPTV.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.TV01.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.S02.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.Books.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.H01.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.DimBG.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.H02.resources
c:\users\yggdraz1l\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.Hidden.resources
C:\Users\YggDraz1l\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\bin\Debug\Interop.AXVLC.dll
C:\Users\YggDraz1l\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\bin\Debug\AxInterop.AXVLC.dll
C:\Users\YggDraz1l\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\Interop.AXVLC.dll
C:\Users\YggDraz1l\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\AxInterop.AXVLC.dll
C:\Users\YggDraz1l\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.LiveTV.resources
C:\Users\YggDraz1l\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.Guide.resources
C:\Users\YggDraz1l\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\StreamKiste\StreamKiste\obj\Debug\StreamKiste.Time.resources
